[Music]
I'm doing the intro this week how weird
is that it's the 19th this is your last
warning that Thanksgiving if you're in
America is rapidly approaching otherwise
your American friends are going to be
wildly unproductive next week this is
your fair warning your warning about
Thanksgiving so you can seek shelter
that's basically how it is isn't it
Chris is not here because we advise her
against her Reckless socialization she
ignores us and inevitably gets
diseased I think we just barely dodged a
bullet on that because after the last
time we got together I had the sniffles
for a few days yeah she definitely was
uh maybe not releasing spores at that
time but they were
gestating and we got a little bit of
government news actually this is a weird
week because for a long time because of
the election we didn't have any
government news we had all AI news but
for reason not a lot of AI news this
week which is unusual but let's talk
about uh the government and how they're
interfacing with tech which as usual an
acrimonious situation cfpb looks to
place Google under Federal supervision
sting CL or setting up a clash so they
think Google is behaving
monopolistically but they're so good at
not documenting that they're behaving
monopolistically that maybe they want to
uh have a little bit more close
supervision maybe some government agents
just you know going to meetings now cfbp
why would they be looking at Tech what's
that got to do with anything well
remember that
Google has payments they do that stuff
and apple is trying to be a bank you
know like sneakily being a bank so the
government at least this organization is
saying hey you guys have a big part in
this and it's the wild west and no one's
looking after you and we know how you've
behaved in every other aspect of your
business we want to take a look at this
Google expectedly not a fan of that you
know when I dig into the whole banking
regulation thing it's like oh dere
because usually I'm a fan of
deregulation if you look at how Banks
were required to run like in the
1850s there were a lot more restrictions
than there are today and I'd like to
bring some of those back actually what
what transpired that we lost some of
those because it seemed like the
requirements is like if you want to
operate a bank here are the requirements
for operating a bank and they seem a lot
more reasonable then than today
yeah because today they don't need
deposits no like just have a bank you
can just use the the discount window and
those are the worst sorts of banks which
is the only kind we have and the worst
sorts of government is one that
constantly spies on you we've got plenty
of history that teaches us that we also
have history to teach us that they will
spy on you at capacity no matter what it
is and here we now have the Secret
Service who is one in a long line of of
agencies who are going to purchase your
data 4 Four's headline which is a quote
says FYI a warrant isn't needed which is
what we've told you and it's like ah
surely that can't be right it's like no
the Secret Service says you you agree to
be location tracked so if the government
buys that data it's not the same the
same as the government collecting that
data okay the only solution is to
destroy this uh Empire of oily Rags by
making it illegal to collect that data
in the first place when they say we're
not collecting the data it's locate X
which is a company that integrates into
a lot of apps has all of our location
data pretty much uh now when it says a
warrant isn't needed that was from
locate X because there was somebody in
the Secret Service the handraiser he
needs the handraiser award who said hey
guys I don't know about this because a
judge is going to look at this and I
don't know if we want that in these
cases because you know this is a little
the ground's a little shaky here and loc
X was like don't bro these people agreed
to the terms of service and we
explicitly stated in the terms of
service that we might do something like
this so don't use like it's not even
easy to it's like okay I would like to
preemptively tell locate X to lose my
data you can't do that because their
service is integrated in a whole bunch
of other apps that you don't necessarily
know about and more and more every
business is requiring you to interface
with some kind of app which is horrible
and Nvidia it's interesting that we now
look at a case in the Supreme Court
that's about Nvidia being used for
cryptocurrency because Nvidia these days
is like what cryptocurrency that's a
side effect we don't care about that at
all anymore but if you remember back in
the day they sold a lot of gpus under
that umbrella Supreme Court seems likely
to allow a class action to proceed
against tech company NVIDIA this has to
do with the crypto mining days
cryptocurrency days it doesn't have
anything to do with AI and this is
because Nvidia bundled a bunch of their
sales in and they didn't really
delineate to say hey this stuff that
we're selling has a risk if the bottom
falls out of cryptocurrency on the one
hand I can kind of see nvidia's argument
which is hey we're just selling gpus we
don't know what people use them
for Which flies in the face of
everything else that everybody does who
sells this technology right yeah they
want to know exactly what's going on the
lawsuit here is not from the government
it's just from some guy he's saying that
they didn't give him guidance when he
invested in them and when the crypto
wave broke he lost money now if he would
have had dime in hands he'd be just fine
would
he maybe it was option plays he didn't
have a
choice and one of the big things if you
followed the US election one of the uh
things a lot of people pointed at was
poly Market which was a betting site
where you could bet on the results of
various things one of them being us
election now you couldn't do that in the
United States but a VPN could quickly
get around that and uh a lot of people
don't don't like that the FBI has seized
poly Market CEO's phone electronics and
other stuff after the betting platform
correctly predicted the Trump
presidential win uh interestingly they
haven't really said what he's charged
with they're just collecting all of his
stuff to see if they can charge him with
anything also not arrested yeah they
just it's like oh we got a warrant to
search all your stuff and they executed
it at 6:00 a.m. instead of just letting
his lawyer know obviously so could have
surrendered it it there there is a there
is a preponderance of evidence here to
suggest that it is politically
motivated well they did un uncover a
whale that uh made a big Trump bet but
that guy also made like $40 million
right
so can we argue that he was doing that
just for political purposes when he had
a big win who knows and also are we
going to be so
swayed by that yeah you think so no I
mean just your point about like are we
that much you know it's like oh the herd
is heading that way everyone should head
that way I don't think that's true at
all
it's not for me like if I would have
woken up on Election Day and saw that
number had completely changed it would
not have changed my vote yeah
yeah it's not anything that is uh I'm
not saying yeah that that is an effect
that happened I mean yes it is an effect
that happens no it probably didn't
affect the outcome of of anything and no
it probably doesn't rise to the level of
a criminal or national security concern
but yeah I could believe that people
would go insane over that kind of thing
the other well one okay so let's say say
this might point to that being a little
bit true and I don't understand this at
all they don't take commissions or
fees it's probably just the transaction
fee no fee how how now there could be a
spread okay and there could be the
vigorish I don't know if they do that
you can make money both of those ways
but it's weird that you know it's like
what is this supposed to even be doing
here who knows they were right though
they called the market correctly yeah so
they made money if they were running a
spread I would say and here we have the
ending to a saga that started quite a
while back Pentagon leaker Jack te txia
tashera tashera sentenced to 15 years in
prison for sharing military Secrets
online an old picture I
imagine looks like a child so yeah he uh
pled guilty and apologized and said he
shouldn't have done that admitted that
he was told over and over during his
training never do
this also the his defense pointed out
the requested punishment for him more
than they requested for juliean
nange
Wow and uh guinsler the SEC chairman
hates crypto and now we have a new
regime coming in who seems to be very
much Pro crypto so what's going to
happen here 18 states sue the SEC over
unconstitutional overreach of digital
assets and it it I find myself looking
at the type of overreach that's
happening and I think about all the
banking regulations such as this person
deposited $500 in cash we need to make a
separate note in a separate ledger to
flag that
transaction oh I'm sorry would you like
$5,000 in cash from your own bank
account that's also going to have to be
logged or you just can't even have it we
don't do that anymore we don't give
money back so yeah that it does seem
like a little bit of a double standard
doesn't it yeah well maybe that maybe
those 18 states will be not far behind
to say yes you know property rights T
Trump all of this other
stuff now this was updated uh an update
to the update that was in the story and
this was actually uh postponed they took
these off the the docket for that day
because they said that you know like
mean voices were speaking out they
didn't like it they needed some time
tell Congress we can't afford more bad
patents so this is an eff Action Center
article that explains how companies are
trying to push through the ability to
patent vague things see also the
Nintendo pal World patent situation it
would be even worse than that because
the like the more you dig into the whole
Nintendo versus power world thing is
ridiculous um but this would be a a open
up a can of worms for companies being
able to patent vague things um to to do
with uh game mechanics or business
mechanics and not what the patent system
was originally intended for this would
also open up the can worms for software
patents which is mostly like you could
probably if you came up with a new
compression algorithm probably that's
been patentable all along but I'm going
to build a really Nifty spreadsheet
application probably not patentable so
that is perah and Prevail both of those
have been shelv it was supposed to be
yesterday as we're filming it last
Thursday for you
uh but again they did not do it because
they were afraid they would fail so
they're going to put them away and try
again that's a tried and true government
tactic when you have an unpopular
Bill and this should be unpopular
because of you know National
sovereignity but no everybody loves it
Biden Administration wants to support
controversial un cyber treaty one of the
aspects of this that's most troubling is
that basically needing your national ID
card as a way to function
online and and that's not all of it
either and the copyright cartel yeah
will have cart blanch to cross borders
go after whoever they want do whatever
they want and it's kind of like a
patriot act for cyber crime which cyber
crime in this case also includes
streaming episodes of uh things that are
still in copyright like Green Acres or
operating a bding platform about
politics it's like I don't I don't know
that we could really like does that
really rise to the level of cyber crime
if you you and your Discord friends get
together to watch a movie on a private
Discord is that some sort of heinous
cyber crime and in the view of these
sociopaths the answer is yes and they
will be given Global governance in which
to enforce that which countries just
roll over show their bellies why would
we do
that and why would we let these two
companies ever come anywhere near each
other my God anthropic and Palante
partner to bring Claude AI models to AWS
for US Government intelligence and
defense
operations as usual they're quick to
point out no no no we're not making
weapons no I guarantee you if you turn
the AI toward defense spending it would
uncover uncover a lot of fraud really
quickly oh yeah they would dis likee
that so this will be more about uh
Logistics and uh processing all the
various data that's coming off the
battlefields and stuff like that I'm
sure it quickly will adapt itself into
combat roles as well
as soon as they figure out how well it
works and here's a flashback wasn't it
around this time last year y that we had
the other meeting yeah experts testify
before lawmakers that the US is running
a secret unidentified aerial phenomenon
program and this was amazing like the
live stream for this you should go watch
because it they literally said we have
technology that is not of Earth origin
and and biological biological material
that is probably not of Earth origin or
at least if it is of Earth origin it is
from a higher Dimension that we don't
comprehend at least one of these guys
had some decent credentials he was a
rear Admiral an EX rear Admiral and he
claims he's seen it himself there also
was one guy I don't know if it was him
but one guy he said I have to be careful
because I've signed paperwork that I'm
not allowed to discuss certain things
and the guy asked him the question is
like so it must exist if you're not
allowed to answer questions about it he
said yeah
my favorite thing with all of this is uh
you know it's like oh maybe we figured
out how to defeat gravity or maybe we
figured out how to whatever the some of
the testimony there was just insane and
some of it some of it could be a scop so
you know one of the one of the things
that people love to point to with all
that on um you Remember The
Disappearance of Flight
MH370 um the Pentagon literally has a
like a a a psychologist operations
person but a lot of the MH370 footage
that's online is actually comes from
like you know uh video Hive and like you
can the videos that are out there are
put together from video tutorial sites
and samples that have been online
forever for things like a disappearing
airplane because supposedly we have
video of this airplane disappearing
after some some orbs Circle it which I
think is itself a disinformation
campaign
so last time nothing happened yeah right
I mean they made the same kind of claims
what's going to happen this time
probably nothing right what what if like
we it's true and they're ready to reveal
it because they've lost power and you're
Elon Musk and you're like I'm on top of
the world I'm launching Rockets like we
don't need you anymore well you know
it's funny because Elmo commented on
this and he said that he hasn't seen
with starlink and everything else he
hasn't seen anything
unexplainable which is interesting yeah
but how much is are his hands actually
getting dirty and all that well he just
rides in at the end I do think we're
long overdue for having figured out you
know the fundamental forces of the
universe or something because we've come
a long way in the last 25 200 years or
so like a long way when you think about
that 2500 years really isn't that long
to go from 25 200 years ago to we're
putting the lightning in the Rock and
you know it's it's General artificial
intelligence seems like it's on the
horizon the fundamental forces of the I
in a you know human or life form based
Universe are fear greed and
lust and Amazon has a lot of that greed
and they don't like letting their
employees get all up Amazon can't force
employees into into anti- unionization
meetings so this is the National Labor
Relations Board and the the Amazon
lawyers really worked their tail off to
try to figure out how they're able to
have anti-union meetings and at the end
of the day Amazon can have meetings that
you can optionally attend optionally
paid where they talk about stuff but
they're not allowed to take attendance
and they're not allowed to make a
permanent file or a permanent record of
whether or not you attended and they're
not required that you they're not
allowed to require you to attend but
that's it if you want to have your own
meeting about stuff you can is there any
space in an Amazon warehouse where your
attendance is not already being trapped
no so it makes no it's a moot point
right the the the SQL statement is going
to be like select star from employees
where clocked in and location unknown
it's like oh this is everybody that
attended the anti-union meetings
everybody who took off their tracking
bracelet during this time it's like one
of those Google warrants
yeah and speaking of unions
Massachusetts uh you know when you have
an election sometime you have these
amendments that go on and they have made
a union decision Massachusetts voters
allow Uber and lft drivers to unionize
Uber and lift was basically saying that
everybody are is independent contractors
so they can't get together that doesn't
make sense your independent contractors
getting together but Massachusetts said
n it's close enough also they did
dictate a lot of their behavior what
they can do when they can do it yeah
they treat them like employees I think
that um I really hope that I always look
at Uber and Lyft as like there is Uber
LIF can be a kind of canary in the coal
mine for societal change and positive
change for technology and so on and so
forth Uber and lift fundamentally as a
business should not be a huge margin
business like I do some labor I get paid
and the worker doing most of the labor
should collect most of the wages the app
really isn't doing anything the the
legal and insurance and customer service
infrastructure really isn't wildly
expensive compared to the work the
driver is doing and so
if these kinds of things like Union
unionization tip the scales back in for
in in the direction of the worker I
think that that motivates people to be a
lot more entrepreneurial and might solve
some economic and social problems if we
have if more of society were like that
what if we just said hey your
transportation your power your water
your
telecommunication you're critical right
we've identified them as critical
infrastructure I don't know if we did
Uber and Liv but they're trans
right if we're going into this green new
world if we're going to sabotage trains
so how about we say if you are one of
those you don't get to go public ever
for any reason you have your uh profit
margin capped at your operating expenses
plus 5% no that's not American you just
can't go public you cannot have that
pressure to destroy the product to try
to reap the constant profit it used to
be that the mo for the company was for
the public good like you could have a
for-profit or not a for-profit private
company but you still had an impetus in
your Charter that was for the public
good that would also be
okay well let's talk about the EU they
claim to be better at all of these kinds
of things and they are certainly better
at targeting the tech companies EU slaps
meta with a nearly 800 million euro fine
for engaging in quote unquote abusive
Marketplace practices seems a little
egregious for the particular violation
but okay so they claiming that Facebook
knows everything about you we know
that's true and they know all of your
traffic and all that stuff and they used
all of that to advertise Marketplace to
you whether you wanted that or not and
whether you wanted them to use that data
for that or not which squeezed out any
other kind of Online Marketplace so I
was thinking about this and I read I had
just read the article about Internet
Explorer which is I think in the
business section tomorrow and I was
thinking how is what meta doing what
meta is doing any different than what
Microsoft is doing with Windows when we
talk about Explorer or Edge and
everything else in fact I think that M
what Microsoft is doing with Edge and
Bing is far more egregious than what
meta was doing with Marketplace
certainly more visible yeah and it's
like does it get a pass is it's an
application not a website that doesn't
seem
right we probably just haven't gotten
around to it yet we could probably make
quite a bit of money just advising the
European Union on who to go after for
yeah it's just like we're going over
after $800 million for the Craigslist
clone run by three guys in the corner of
meta's office and it's
like get us some bigger targets here
let's go for some juicier little bit
more meat on the bones we'll take
1% 1% Commission on those on that uh
Consulting and in the UK which is also
in Europe but not the European Union
they have a problem with Apple
Apple fa's UK iCloud Monopoly
compensation claim worth $3.8
billion so they're saying that Apple got
you into the cloud started letting you
use the cloud basically forced you into
it you know let like the whole local
file system what's that user and then
jacked up the prices and made it really
difficult for you to do anything else
yeah consider the magic of Apple's
engineering if you had a Mac at home
with terabytes of storage
Apple literally could just say hey what
why don't we just offload your storage
onto your home Mac your internet
connection is this good and we'll just
instead of using cloud storage we'll
just store your iPhone stuff on your
home Mac like that could be something
that Apple Engineers could do in about
30 minutes instead even third parties
developing similar applications face a
lot of roadblocks being able to do
that and another thing about the
European Union is they're big on this
whole like borderless situation which
has a lot of problems but if you're
going to do it then everybody should be
paying the same price right we're all
one We're All in This Together apple
does not tolerate that at all Apple gets
EU warning to stop Geo blocking on the
app and iTunes stores wow this is
amazing this is another one hor we could
have consulted for the European Union I
think it was like the second or third
episode ever of this that we did when we
were just trying to figure stuff out at
the crazy bar top desk and vow got this
warning from the EU because they were
charging less for games in poorer
countries and the EU said you can't do
that and we said LOL somebody don't tell
them about the Apple App Store that's
taken a large number of years that they
could have been collecting money and
look how the key sites are treated yeah
who go and collect the cheap ones and
resell them almost treated like
criminals
almost and here apple is I mean it's
it's going to be a slap on the wrist
it'll be a lot of money but still here's
here's a mindblowing thing for the
audience so for the Key Advertising
things sometimes the keys are stolen and
that is true but that is also somewhat
subterfuge so if you buy a Windows key
in say Estonia or Lithuania or uh
there's a couple other European
countries and there's a there's a couple
EU countries Windows legit costs less
there but in the US first sale Doctrine
if I go there and buy things and then
import them here
that's cool that's
capitalism um and so that's why
Microsoft has been reticent
about really cracking down on keys but
game companies are happy to just crap
all over you and that's also why some of
the CD Keys sites persist but here's the
really insane thing on this platform if
we were to run a pre-roll ad for some of
those things the lawyers will come in
and say oh you're advertising for
something that's pirated when it is not
actually pirated but it's not a battle
the we can win this is this has affected
a lot of other channels because they're
like wait a minute I don't I don't
understand it's not pired keys not if
you're
careful also think
about compare how these you know
globalist entities treat digital
products in this situation versus cheap
Chinese manufactured garbage yeah which
they beg to be imported yeah used yeah
it's it's like imagine buying a book and
the uh publishing compan releases some
aerosol over your Warehouse to make all
the books dissolve and it's like oh we
we put a special thing in our books to
make them dissolve they've literally
deprived you of your property and you
have no
recourse well you also have no recourse
if you've been watching the Premier
League for free over in the UK because
uh once again this is information
information that is weaponized and must
be destroyed man jailed for more than 3
years for loading illegal streaming
services on to Amazon Fire Sticks now he
didn't this is a really this is also
another one that's really interesting he
put links to web pages and apps on the
devices that were capable of tapping
into you know the darker aspects of the
internet to retrieve pired material he
himself did pirate a little bit and he
was warned hey stop it this is kind of a
gray area but we will find something
that you have done that is illegal and
that is exactly what they did and it's 3
years and four months that he's going to
be in prison although I didn't see
anything in this that made me think that
he actually put any media he did not
right he was very careful to do that and
that was why he was flagrantly like no
I'm not putting media on this this is
okay it they put obviously the Premier
League very powerful in that part of the
world MH it'd be like you know MLB or
NFL over here try to do something and uh
that it sounded like they actually
prepared the case did you get that
impression yes here you go just go get
him yeah and they have that power
because they're super rich
and Canada had uh I saw this headline a
couple of places that sounded pretty
good and you think oh yeah this sounds
great but the register has poured water
cold water all over it Canada passes new
right to repair rules with the same old
problem and that is you have the right
to repair it but you're not allowed to
uh circumvent anything that would let
you figure out how to repair it you just
have to know how to repair it in the
first place without you know
circumventing any uh technological
protection measures so the ice cream
machine is the perfect example example
here some company came up with the
solution they didn't make it free they
sold it but it was still not allowed to
be used because it's circumvented so in
this case I guess yes you could fix your
ice cream machine but you still can't
buy the software because you can't
circumvent I think I think it would be
really interesting if we did a video on
this kind of thing because a lot of the
arguments are really framed a lot more
complicated in in a lot more complicated
fashion than they need to be do you
remember um you remember like the old
patent system where uh
remember like a Briggs and Stratton
motors I think this is how Briggs and
Stratton so like it was an internal
combustion motor and then Stratton came
along and it's like well I've got a
really cool modification to this motor
that's patented but I'm going to patent
my modification and so you'd have to buy
the motor and then buy the thing the
thing that modified the the motor to
make it a Briggs and Straten motor that
was actually really good um in the world
of the copyright out of control you
could never do that like if I wanted to
buy a Nintendo cons
and mod it not for the purposes of
piracy but to just make it do something
really incredible um modern copyright
law will just Crush that kind of
innovation and Entrepreneurship and the
same kind of
thing it'll crush it if the company is
powerful enough yeah if you just invent
something and you're nobody yeah I'm
just a rando you'll get no protection
yeah Nintendo will come along and take
your thing yeah which we've seen how
many times with Microsoft and Google see
alsoo pal
world who was the company where Google
met with them and they were like we
really want this and the person was like
no I don't think so and then Google was
like okay and then they just made a copy
of it a lot of a lot of examples a Sonos
is probably one of the bigger examples
because they were going to partner and
then and then Google's just like nah
this is we'll just do this because
software and some other stuff but this
is like a fundamental misunderstanding
it is basically it's like there is no if
I buy a video game console and a video
game if I buy a Super Nintendo
and Legend of Zelda the Ocarina of Time
it should be enshrined in law that I am
able to format and ship a Theus that a
format shift and ship of thesis that
into whatever I want not not pirate it
not give away copies not anything like
that it's like I'm going to transfer the
essence of this thing into something
else and enjoy the copyrighted material
that I have I've bought just like if I
bought a book and I wanted to record
myself reading it so that I could listen
to myself
play it that would be okay first sale
like this is we got to do a video on
this to like reframe the the argument
because the the companies are
brainwashing there's going to be too
many people in the comments that are
like yeah it's like no property rights
Trump
all I I bought this I don't I didn't buy
the copyright to it but I bought this
and I can do what I want with this thing
I can modify the engine with this thing
that's patented in order to make the
engine better that is okay that is not
for boen you made a very pedantic
mistake there but I'm going to leave it
because I want the
engagement
sorry and Christa abandons us when we
need her the most when she can she loves
saying this word Saudi Arabia's
neon replaces it CEO aditt reports of
delays and cutbacks and to subtitle and
to make western media happy because
we're they're increasingly like WTF is
going on over there hey guys what about
all these deaths yeah yeah so they
somebody reported that uh it's supposed
to be what a 100 miles and they've cut
it to 1.5
miles turns out it's wildly expensive
but Saudi Arabia says that's fake news
we're still doing
it I mean it does seem like it would be
good to get the first mile and a half
operational and then learn some lessons
along the way if you're building a death
star you know get the life support
online it's like we're going to get the
last Bolt in place before we turn the
whole thing on doesn't seem really
efficient maybe we should advise them as
well and uh Australia has made a very
interesting announcement although this
was really light on details exactly how
they're going to do this wasn't covered
austral to make big Tech liable for
Citizens online
safety I had the I was thinking about
this story and I had a wild idea and
that was in order to unlock increasing
levels of the internet you had to either
sign a disclaimer or take a test and
it's like are you it's like okay Grandma
we're going to give you a fishing test
let's it's oh I should give this guy my
bank account numbers okay you're going
to go into the wal Garden you can only
go to Disney Fox News and like two other
websites it's getting dangerously close
to
[Laughter]
Eugenics good luck to them I suppose
they have not in the past seemed to make
the right decisions when it comes to
that kind of thing also this is stealth
backdoor uh ID to get online yeah for
sure which is not even stealth right
they've already announced it yeah like
yeah we're doing it and it's not very
stealthy over in Hong Kong these days
because the mainland China has taken
over and the same rules are applying in
Hong Kong these days Hong Kong are
charged with Su under article 23
security law over social media posts I
had to do quite a bit of digging to find
the actual social social media posts and
I'm not sure that the translation is
accurate but it was just it was very in
my opinion innocuous it was something
along the lines of we you know it's like
we people really should stand up to
these bullies that are in the new
Administration and something since taken
over you know this is not right and that
was that that sedition really really so
this law is one of the new ones that
came about in the big Hong Kong
Revolution uh it's been used three times
in the past I can't remember the third
one but the first one was a guy wore a
t-shirt with a A slogan on it the second
one somebody put wrote some graffiti on
a bus seat yeah and in each time it was
several years of prison sentence yeah um
I was also really disappointed with this
exact same kind of news coming out of
London we have I think one of those or
no I don't I don't I don't know if it
was in our news list but I saw it this
week where um somebody had posted
something like a year ago and they were
arrested because it was like oh this is
uh inciting intolerance there was
somebody else that spent you know were
sentenced to a few months in jail
because they posted a video of like an
unruly mob that appeared to be of a
certain ethnic
descent causing havoc and that that was
very divisive apparently I want to
disturb you here there's not just one of
those there's many many many of those
yeah that's doesn't seem a lot different
than to what's going on in Hong Kong and
I don't think either one of them are
right definitely not moving on to social
media one of the things that came from
the election is that people are angry at
Elon Musk and so they are abandoning his
platform some people benefit from that
the verg headline is blue sky has
crossed the 15 million user Mark it's go
grown quickly as people search for x/
Twitter
Alternatives but that's not the only
place they're going meta to introduce
ads on threads in early 2025 which means
they're also getting a bunch of new
users I didn't realize it was adree up
until this point like can you imagine
imagine getting into it and then all of
a sudden there's ads like wouldn't that
turn you off completely I also think
it's really I always go back to the
story that we did on threads that uh
Zuckerberg was faced with a catch22
people literally would not sign up for
Threads because it required them to log
in with Facebook and people were like a
screw this I'm out because everything
because they got such a bad like the
internet was hostage until you log in
with Facebook and that was such a
terrible experience for everybody it's
like oh that seems reasonable that's
easier than remembering my user name or
password and then all the terrible stuff
that came with that and then fast
forward a few years and then we at
threads and log in with Facebook is I I
remember what that was like the last
time I did that I'm not going to do that
tells me crazy anytime I need to look at
a menu or get information about a
business that doesn't have a website
they now what they do is they pop up the
nag when you first get to the website
but there's a close button then if you
scroll down it comes back but there's no
close
button isn't that a dark pattern don't
we have laws about that now yeah yeah
and Horizon Worlds the metaverse
remember this is the future except it
wasn't the future no one cares about it
we're on to AI now and that's a real
thing so it's still out there but it's
just languishing however it is now being
used metah Horizon worlds has been taken
over by children you should go look on
YouTube for videos of this because
there's a video of just some some person
that's like let's take a look at this
and see what it's about and 12-year-old
sounding voices show up and start
calling them racist things and the
YouTube algorithm just doesn't know what
to
do apparently the quest two is it the
two that's the cheap one the cheap Quest
is being gifted to children around the
country or world and they are using it
to go onto Horizon worlds and form feral
gangs
apparently what an amazing conversation
to have with your children it's like
okay I know that like there's there's an
evolutionary impetus for you to imprint
your social practices based on you know
how your peers are acting but you're
kind of a shut in and the other children
that are neglected are not the the group
that you should imprint
upon well and a great way if you do have
those kids a great way to prepare them
for the lifetime of surveillance that
they will be experiencing is to get this
going on their snap account Snapchat
will let parents track their kids
through Family Center
yeah it's I was thinking about the cycle
of abuse cartoon where it's like the
great-grandfathers yelling at the
fathers yet and then it's like no I'm
going to break the cycle it's
like my government spies on me so I spy
my children yeah who do the children spy
on and those cartoons that us with the
[Laughter]
dog and
uh Twitter in the crosshairs of course
constantly and there's this weird
argument that we found with the dying
media landscape of hey everybody come
and read our stories but don't post the
headlines how dare you how dare you push
traffic to our sites the Guardians
headline is French news title Sue X over
allegedly running their content without
payment so it'll be interesting to see
how this this lawsuit plays out now this
is going to be a
230 argument but with Trump taking and
the Republicans in power what do you
think goes on with to 30 because they've
been very critical of it I I think that
they're they've been critical of of 230
because they're they're not able to shut
down certain kinds of things it's bad
because both red and blue want to
control companies and I think that's a
terrible idea in either
case are you saying that they might just
completely flip-flop based on what is
gaining them power right now like they
might actually introduce the idea and
then totally back track four or five
years later that's my prediction Trump
expected to try to Halt Tik Tock bands
allies
say listen the only fix for this is just
more education you have to use your
brain and not fall into an echo chamber
I know it's hard let me just remind you
about the story of the people that
didn't know that Biden dropped out of
the race until election
day okay Socrates was right then you're
going to have to go through some sort of
a quiz or something to get your voter
card you can't do that because the
people in charge of the quiz are going
to have a
bias but we just put a AI in charge
right just let AI decide speaking of 2
200 years ago we've come so far and yet
not this is exactly what Socrates was
talking about this
exactly so yeah if you remember Trump
was very anti-china and he wanted
everything Chinese to be blocked
especially Tik Tok but now I think he
saw some numbers that Tik Tok helped him
in the election and so he wants to keep
what's what's the most insane thing to
me about all of all of everything is
that there are a lot of Americans that
are and people around the world too that
are smart and hardworking and willing to
work hard and willing to put up with a
lot of crap but literally all of the
energy is going toward fending off or uh
just digging out from nonsense it's like
how do it's like can we have the
Coalition of reasonable people who want
to do away with everything being
needlessly complicated and just get back
to things that are productive no but
another part of that maybe the biggest
part of that is that our let's say that
we are the reasonable people I don't
know if we can claim that but our wealth
and thus our power is being Consolidated
at the top more and more and more with
every passing year so our agency is
continually being bled out in kind of a
covert
way yeah well think about the
politicians though they have not been
able to like even if you could make the
argument that business owners whether
sociopathic or business brilliant or
whatever that are doing wealth
accumulation all right fine set that
aside but politicians are accumulating
wealth mostly sociopathically and
they're accumulating in exactly the same
way that you described to the extent
that they are no longer connected to the
people that they
govern nor are the tech billionaires who
are making all of these decisions well
I'm saying that even if in the grand
tapestry of things you know it's like
the ants don't necessar or the bees
don't necessarily understand what
happens to the honey after the people
come and collect it maybe there's an
argument to be made for that for the
tech billionaire I don't think so but
the politicians are
just uh like the tick that made me where
I can't eat meat
anymore they are definitely that it's a
great thing to end
on we don't have Christa today so we
can't say bye bye
I